# Lung-Cancer-Detection-using-ML<br>
Lung cancer is one of the main causes of the death and health issue in many countries with a 5-year survival rate of only 10-16 %. People who smoke have the greatest risk of lung cancer, though lung cancer can also occur in people who have never smoked. The risk of lung cancer increases with the length of time and number of cigarettes you've smoked. If you quit smoking. even after smoking for many years, you can significantly reduce your chances of developing lung cancer. In this project we use machine learning algorithms to diagnose a cancer and start treatment in early stages. With the expected increase in the number of preventive / early detection measures, scientists are working in computerized solutions that help alleviate the work of doctors, improve diagnostics ' precision by reducing the subjectivity factor, speedup the analysis and reduce medical costs. In order to detect malignant nodules, specific features need to be recognized and measured. Based on the detected features and their combination, cancer probability can be assessed. However, this task is very difficult, even for an experienced medical doctor, since nodule presence and positive cancer diagnosis are not easily related.<br>
In this project I have use KNN & Decision Tree algorithms to predict the accuracy of the cancer. In this project we use scikit - learn libraries like sklearn and pandas to predict and classify the dataset of the lung cancer patients. Slicing the dataset and feature scaling options are used to train the dataset. After that we use confusion matrix, f1 score and accuracy score to predict the accuracy of the result.
